**End User License Agreement for Progress Product Sample/Demo Code**

*(Last Updated May 02, 2024)*

**IMPORTANT PLEASE READ THIS END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT (THE AGREEMENT)
CAREFULLY BEFORE ATTEMPTING TO DOWNLOAD OR USE ANY SOFTWARE,
DOCUMENTATION, OR OTHER MATERIALS MADE AVAILABLE BY PROGRESS SOFTWARE
CORPORATION THROUGH THIS REPOSITORY. THIS AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES A
LEGALLY BINDING AGREEMENT BETWEEN YOU OR THE COMPANY WHICH YOU REPRESENT
AND ARE AUTHORIZED TO BIND (the Licensee or You), AND PROGRESS SOFTWARE
CORPORATION (Progress or Licensor). BY DOWNLOADING, INSTALLING, OR
OTHERWISE USING THE SOFTWARE (AS DEFINED BELOW) YOU ACKNOWLEDGE (1) THAT
YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, (2) THAT YOU UNDERSTAND IT, (3) THAT YOU
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS, AND (4) TO THE EXTENT YOU
ARE ENTERING INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF A COMPANY, YOU HAVE THE
POWER AND AUTHORITY TO BIND THAT COMPANY.**

This Software (as defined below) is licensed to You for use with validly
licensed Progress Products only. This Agreement does not grant You a
license or any rights to use or distribute Progress Products. To obtain
more information about Progress Products and/or to obtain a license for
one or more Progress Products please
visit [[www.progress.com]{.underline}](http://www.progress.com/).

You are granted the following limited license rights while You maintain,
and are in compliance with the terms of, a valid license to one or more
Progress Product(s) (a Product License).

**1. Software License**

1.1 License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this
Agreement, Progress hereby grants to Licensee and Licensee hereby
accepts, a limited, non-transferable, perpetual, non-exclusive license
(the License) to use the software code and documentation which this
Agreement accompanied (the Software) solely in connection with your
licensed use of the Progress Product(s).

1.2 Scope of Use. You may use the Software for the purposes of exploring
and understanding the capabilities and functionality of the Progress
Product(s).

1.3 Source Code for the Software. In cases where the Software source
code is provided to You by Progress, it is provided so that You can
create modifications under the terms of this Agreement. Any
modifications You develop to the Software source code will be the
exclusive property of Progress, and You agree to and hereby do assign
all right, title and interest in and to such modifications and all
rights associated therewith to Progress. You will be entitled to use
modifications of the Software source code developed by You under the
terms of this Agreement and Progress hereby grants You a license to use
such modifications pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Except to
the limited extent as is permitted by law notwithstanding contractual
prohibition, You are not allowed to disassemble, decompile or unlock,
decode or otherwise reverse translate or engineer, or attempt in any
manner to reconstruct or discover any source code or underlying
algorithms of Software that is provided to You in object code form only.

**2. Term and Termination**

This Agreement and the License granted hereunder shall continue for as
long as You (i) use the Software in compliance with the terms herein;
and (ii) maintain, and are in compliance with the terms of, a valid
license to one or more Progress Product(s) (a Product License). This
Agreement and the License shall automatically self-terminate upon Your
noncompliance with the terms herein.

**3. Intellectual Property**

All title and ownership rights in and to the Software and content
(including but not limited to any images, photographs, animations,
video, audio, music, or text embedded in the Software), the intellectual
property embodied in the Software and content, and any trademarks or
service marks of Progress that are used in connection with the Software
and/or content are and shall at all times remain exclusively owned by
Progress and its licensors. All title and intellectual property rights
in and to the content that may be accessed through use of the Software
is the property of the respective content owner and may be protected by
applicable copyright or other intellectual property laws and treaties.
This Agreement grants You no rights to use or redistribute such content.
Any open source software that may be delivered by Progress embedded in
or in association with the Software is provided pursuant to the open
source license applicable to the software and subject to the disclaimers
and limitations on liability set forth in such license.

**4. Collection and Use of Data.**

Progress uses tools to deliver certain Software features and extensions,
identify trends and bugs, collect activation information, usage
statistics and track other data related to Your use of the Software as
further described in the most current version of Progress Privacy Policy
(located
at: [[https://www.progress.com/legal/privacy-policy]{.underline}](https://www.progress.com/legal/privacy-policy)).
By Your acceptance of the terms of this Agreement and/or use of the
Software, You authorize the collection, use and disclosure of this data
for the purposes provided for in this Agreement and/or the Privacy
Policy.

**5. No Warranty**

**THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED "AS IS", WITH NO CERTIFICATION, TECHNICAL
VALIDATION, SECURITY VERIFICATION OR SCREENING. YOU SOLEY BEAR THE RISK
OF USING IT. PROGRESS GIVES NO EXPRESS WARRANTIES, GUARANTEES OR
CONDITIONS. YOU MAY HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS UNDER YOUR LOCAL LAWS WHICH
THIS AGREEMENT CANNOT CHANGE. TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER YOUR LOCAL
LAWS, PROGRESS EXCLUDES THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF TITLE,
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT.**

**6. Limitation of Liability**

To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will
Progress be liable for any indirect, special, incidental, or
consequential damages arising out of this Agreement, including, without
limitation, damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer
failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or
losses, even if advised of the possibility thereof, and regardless of
the legal or equitable theory (contract, tort or otherwise) upon which
the claim is based. In any case, Progress entire liability under any
provision of this Agreement shall not exceed in the aggregate the sum of
the license fees Licensee paid to Progress for the Software giving rise
to such damages, or in the case of a free (no fee) License, shall not
exceed \$5, notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose of any
limited remedy. Some jurisdictions do not allow the exclusion or
limitation of incidental or consequential damages, so this exclusion and
limitation may not be applicable. Progress is not responsible for any
liability arising out of content provided by Licensee or a third party
that is accessed through the Software and/or any material linked through
such content. Any data or content included in the Software upon shipment
from Progress is for testing use only and Progress hereby disclaims any
and all liability arising therefrom.

**7. Indemnity**

You agree to indemnify, hold harmless, and defend Progress and its
resellers from and against any and all claims, lawsuits and proceedings
(collectively Claims), and all expenses, costs (including attorney\'s
fees), judgments, damages and other liabilities resulting from such
Claims, that arise or result from (i) Your use or misuse of the
Software, and/or (ii) Your modification of the Software source code.

**8. Governing Law**

This License will be governed by the law of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts, U.S.A., without regard to the conflict of laws principles
thereof. If any dispute, controversy, or claim cannot be resolved by a
good faith discussion between the parties, then it shall be submitted
for resolution to a state or Federal court or competent jurisdiction in
Boston, Massachusetts, USA, and the parties hereby agree to submit to
the jurisdiction and venue of such court. The Uniform Computer
Information Transactions Act and the United Nations Convention on the
International Sale of Goods shall not apply to this Agreement. Failure
of a party to enforce any provision of this Agreement shall not
constitute or be construed as a waiver of such provision or of the right
to enforce such provision.

**9. Entire Agreement**

This Agreement shall constitute the entire agreement between the parties
with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and
contemporaneous communications regarding the subject matter hereof. Use
of any purchase order or other Licensee document in connection herewith
shall be for administrative convenience only and all terms and
conditions stated therein shall be void and of no effect unless
otherwise agreed to in writing by both parties. In cases where this
license is being obtained through an approved third party, these terms
shall supersede any third party license or purchase agreement.

**10. No Assignment**

You may not assign, sublicense, sub-contract, or otherwise transfer this
Agreement, or any rights or obligations under it, without Progress prior
written consent.

**11. Survival**

Any provisions of the Agreement containing license restrictions,
including but not limited to those related to the Program source code,
warranties and warranty disclaimers, limitations of liability and/or
indemnity terms, and any provision of the Agreement which, by its
nature, is intended to survive shall remain in effect following any
termination or expiration of the Agreement.

**12. Severability**

If a particular provision of this Agreement is terminated or held by a
court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, illegal, or
unenforceable, this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect as
to the remaining provisions.

**13. Export Classifications**

You expressly agree not to export or re-export Progress Software or Your
Integrated Product to any country, person, entity or end user subject to
U.S. export restrictions. You specifically agree not to export,
re-export, or transfer the Software to any country to which the U.S. has
embargoed or restricted the export of goods or services, or to any
national of any such country, wherever located, who intends to transmit
or transport the products back to such country, or to any person or
entity who has been prohibited from participating in U.S. export
transactions by any federal agency of the U.S. government. You warrant
and represent that neither the U.S.A. Bureau of Export Administration
nor any other federal agency has suspended, revoked or denied Your
export privileges.

**YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ THIS AGREEMENT, THAT YOU UNDERSTAND
THIS AGREEMENT, AND UNDERSTAND THAT BY CONTINUING THE DOWNLOAD,
INSTALLATION AND/OR USE OF THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT, BY LOADING OR RUNNING
THE SOFTWARE PRODUCT, OR BY PLACING OR COPYING THE SOFTWARE ONTO YOUR
DEVICE, YOU AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THIS AGREEMENT'S TERMS AND CONDITIONS.
YOU FURTHER AGREE THAT, EXCEPT FOR WRITTEN SEPARATE AGREEMENTS BETWEEN
PROGRESS AND YOU, THIS AGREEMENT IS A COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT
OF THE RIGHTS AND LIABILITIES OF THE PARTIES.**
