README.md, before:

### Ucommerce Integration Demo

This branch version of Sitefinity Quantum demo website features fully functional integration with UCommerce.

Complete feature overview: https://ucommerce.net/pricing/

### Overview

The Quantum sample project showcases all Sitefinity CMS features available out of the box in an aesthetically designed website. This starter kit is designed to help business users get up to speed quickly using Sitefinity CMS and gives developers a way to easily add custom features to it. The Quantum website is perfect for doing Sitefinity CMS demos to project stakeholders.

The main purpose of the Quantum project is to provide a real life example of how users can practically utilize the core features of Sitefinity CMS thus bringing value to organizations by empowering non-technical employees to quickly and efficiently manage their content.

The Quantum project is based on few principles:

• It involves minimum customization done by developers, so that the focus lies on the core features of the CMS 
• Pages are built and assembled with the goal to give maximum power to non-technical content editors 
• It provides styling best practices, so that designers can use it as a reference and styling example

Some of the main highlights of the Quantum project include:

- Responsive design
- Multilingual environment
- Social media features
- Personalization
- Workflows
- Email campaigns
- Google maps usage
- Blogs
- Forums
- Usage of dynamic modules
- Online shop

### **Requirements**

- Sitefinity CMS license
- .NET Framework 4.7.2
- Visual Studio 2012
- Microsoft SQL Server 2008R2 or later versions
- Windows Identity Foundation NOTE: Depending on the Microsoft OS version you are using, the method for downloading and installing or enabling the identity framework differs:
  - **Windows 7**  - download from  Windows Identity Foundation : http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=17331
  - **Windows 8**  - in the Control Panel, turn on the relevant Windows feature Windows Identity Foundation 3.5

See a complete list of the system requirements for the solution here: http://docs.sitefinity.com/system-requirements.

### **Prerequisites**

You need to attach the database backup files to your SQL Server. To do this:

1. Download the database backup file from: [here](https://sitefinitystore.blob.core.windows.net/files/Telerik.Sitefinity.Samples.Quantum/SitefinityUcommerceDB.zip)
2. Navigate to the _SitefinityWebApp_ -&gt; _App\_Data_ folder.
3. Unzip the  **QuantumDB.zip**  file.
4. In SQL Management Studio, open the context menu of _Databases_ and click _Attach..._
5. Click the _Add..._ button and navigate to the folder where you unzipped the  **QuantumDB.zip**  file.
6. Select the  **SitefinityQuantum.mdf**  file and click _OK_.
7. Click _OK_.

### **Nuget package restoration**

The solution in this repository relies on NuGet packages with Nuget Package Restore enabled. Sitefinity&#39;s Nuget Repository and the instructions on how to add the Sitefinity NuGet server are available here : http://nuget.sitefinity.com/#/home.

For a full list of the referenced packages and their versions see the packages.config: https://github.com/Sitefinity-SDK/Telerik.Sitefinity.Samples.Quantum/
/master/packages.config.

### **Installation instructions:**

1. In Solution Explorer, navigate to _SitefinityWebApp_ -&gt; _App\_Data_ -&gt; _Sitefinity_ -&gt; _Configuration_ and select the  **DataConfig.config**  file.
2. Modify the  **connectionString**  value to match your server address.
3. Build the solution.

### **Login**

To login to the Sitefinity CMS backend, use the following credentials:

**Username:**  admin  **Password:**  admin@2

### **Frontend Package**

The design of the starter kit is based on the Bootstrap resource package(http://docs.sitefinity.com/feather-frontend-packages).

### Troubleshooting
Due to a known issue in UCommerce, the store filtering of products is not functioning out of the box. You have to reindex all products
for the filtering to work correctly. To do that go to the backend of Sitefinity and navigate to Ucommerce -> Settings.
Expand the 'Settings' tree on the left and select 'Search'. Select 'Index everything from scratch' and wait.

Commit message:

Ucommerce integration - add support for Sitefinity 13.1. Upgrade uCommerce to 9.3.1
* Update requirements

* Update AdminApp version to 12.2.40351

* Enabled cookie protection

* Upgrade Sitefinity to v.13.0.7300.0

* Update binding redirect

* Update AdminApp package to the latest official. Update readme db link.

* Upgrade Sitefinity to Patch v.13.0.7323.0

* Update DB zip url.

* Upgraded to Ucommerce v9

* Update Sampe to Sitefinity v.13.1.7400.0

* UQ-161: Upgraded Ucommerce.Sitefinity.UI to 3.0.1.20232

* UQ-156: Add Ucommerce.Sitefinity.UI back into v13 after merge

* Update README.md

* Mentioned Windows 10 in the getting started

* UQ-162: restored missing web.config sections after v13 merge

* Update AdminApp version to 13.1.7400.66489

* Cleared the sitemap provider

* Included the missing fields

* Added an ignore for the Ucommerce index files

* UQ-150 Ucommerce v9.3 and Sitefinity v13.1 Upgrade

* UQ-164 Fixed up the facets for the new index

* UQ-150 Upgraded to Ucommerce v9.3.1

* UQ-150 Re-installed the Ucommerce.Sitefinity package

* Updated to Ucommerce.Sitefinity.UI 3.0.3

* Sync'ing v13.1 changes

Co-authored-by: Georgi Georgiev <georgii.georgiev@telerik.com>
Co-authored-by: GeorgiGeorgiev <gg3orgiev@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: PetyaRachina <petya.rachina@progress.com>
Co-authored-by: Georgi Georgiev <gigeorgiev@progress.com>
Co-authored-by: Grant Willavise <grant@gw-consultancy.co.uk>
Co-authored-by: Todor Totev <teobugslayer@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

The Quantum sample project showcases all Sitefinity CMS features available out of the box in an aesthetically designed website. This starter kit is designed to help business users get up to speed quickly using Sitefinity CMS and gives developers a way to easily add custom features to it. The Quantum website is perfect for doing Sitefinity CMS demos to project stakeholders.

The main purpose of the Quantum project is to provide a real life example of how users can practically utilize the core features of Sitefinity CMS thus bringing value to organizations by empowering non-technical employees to quickly and efficiently manage their content.

The Quantum project is based on few principles:

• It involves minimum customization done by developers, so that the focus lies on the core features of the CMS 
• Pages are built and assembled with the goal to give maximum power to non-technical content editors 
• It provides styling best practices, so that designers can use it as a reference and styling example

Some of the main highlights of the Quantum project include:

- Responsive design
- Multilingual environment
- Social media features
- Personalization
- Workflows
- Email campaigns
- Google maps usage
- Blogs
- Forums
- Usage of dynamic modules
- Online shop

### **Requirements**

- Sitefinity CMS license
- .NET Framework 4.7.2
- Visual Studio 2015 or later
- Microsoft SQL Server 2012R2 or later versions
- Windows Identity Foundation NOTE: Depending on the Microsoft OS version you are using, the method for downloading and installing or enabling the identity framework differs:
  - **Windows 7**  - download from  Windows Identity Foundation : http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=17331
  - **Windows 8** and **Windows 10** - in the Control Panel, turn on the *Windows Identity Foundation 3.5* feature 

See a complete list of the system requirements for the solution here: http://docs.sitefinity.com/system-requirements.

### **Prerequisites**

You need to attach the database backup files to your SQL Server. To do this:

1. Download the database backup file from [here](https://sitefinitystore.blob.core.windows.net/files/Telerik.Sitefinity.Samples.Quantum/QuantumDB_v_131.zip).
2. Navigate to the _SitefinityWebApp_ -&gt; _App\_Data_ folder.
3. Unzip the  **QuantumDB_version.zip**  file.
4. In SQL Management Studio, open the context menu of _Databases_ and click _Attach..._
5. Click the _Add..._ button and navigate to the folder where you unzipped the  **QuantumDB_version.zip**  file.
6. Select the  **Sitefinity.mdf**  file and click _OK_.
7. Click _OK_.

### **Nuget package restoration**

The solution in this repository relies on NuGet packages with Nuget Package Restore enabled. Sitefinity&#39;s Nuget Repository and the instructions on how to add the Sitefinity NuGet server are available here : http://nuget.sitefinity.com/#/home.

For a full list of the referenced packages and their versions see the packages.config: https://github.com/Sitefinity/Telerik.Sitefinity.Samples.Quantum/blob/master/packages.config.

### **Installation instructions:**

1. In Solution Explorer, navigate to _SitefinityWebApp_ -&gt; _App\_Data_ -&gt; _Sitefinity_ -&gt; _Configuration_ and select the  **DataConfig.config**  file.
2. Modify the  **connectionString**  value to match your server address.
3. Build the solution.

### **Login**

To login to the Sitefinity CMS backend, use the following credentials:

**Username:**  admin  **Password:**  admin@2

### **Frontend Package**

The design of the starter kit is based on the Bootstrap resource package(http://docs.sitefinity.com/feather-frontend-packages).



If you hit this error on booting up Sitefinity
```
Could not convert string 'Ucommerce.Sanitization.TextSanitizer, Ucommerce.Sanitization' to a type. Assembly Ucommerce.Sanitization, Version=9.3.1.20275, Culture=neutral, PublicKeyToken=null was matched, but it doesn't contain the type. Make sure that the type name was not mistyped.
```

Then run `Update-Package 'Ucommerce.Sitefinity.UI' -reinstall` in the Package Manager to fix it.
